energy bills are out of this world food
costs have skyrocketed but wait there's
more in today's video I'm going to break
down exactly where all of this is headed
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you in today's video I
want to show you inflation I want to
tell you what's coming in the end a lot
of people can't make this connection but
we will today for those who stay of
course until the end I want to show you
this and we're looking at just one
example I'm sure these are cherry-picked
examples that somebody pulled up all I
wanted to highlight from this was that
just over the past few years it seems
like only yesterday before the
lockdowns look at the prices okay just
some examples and I'm sure you have you
know 20 off the top of your head I used
to buy this for $1 a few years later my
goodness it's $5 it's $3 whatever the
case is you go to your quote unquote
dollar store they're selling things for
$4 they selling things for $5 nothing
seems to be a
dollar and it's it's gone wild there's
inflation everywhere not to mention
shrink inflation where they squeeze the
packages in a certain way so that you
pretend that everything is all good but
meanwhile it's got less contents in it
it's that bag of chips with one chip
sitting at the bottom of a bunch of air
and then you can see the others where
the they call it skimp flation what's
skimp flation well that's when they take
all of these products let's say food
products and they kind of fill them up
they put some sawdust in there to fill
it up and give you less of what you came
for one by one by one we are being
attacked from all sides this is of
course something that you can't put that
into a calculation you can't say well my
inflation is 5% mine is 10% well how do
you factor it in shrinkflation and skin
inflation the these things you can't
really do that so when everything is
considered our position today is much
worse than where it has ever been I've
seen people and please share with me in
the comments with everybody let's get a
conversation going that they Energy bill
they go to look at the bill and they say
wait a minute I only Ed like $30 of
energy and yet my bill is $200 what's
going on this fee that fee carbon tax
tax this and it's gone crazy and that's
what's going to happen here okay just
like a parasite would consume you until
you're gone and it loses the host it's
the same thing that's happening day keep
that in
mind greed inflation caused more than
half of last year's inflation surge
corporate profits by the way remain at
an alltime high and so that greed
flation that we've all been
experiencing there's no question about
it that companies know how to do it look
let me tell you how it
works input costs have risen this is
true I know it because I've been feeling
it myself all right so I produce
products and these products the workers
they need more the warehousing costs are
higher the shipping costs are higher my
shipping cost ended up quadrupling at
one point more than
quadruple so that alone is a factor now
that has come down somewhat but it's
still double and even depending on when
I was doing it d double it to Triple so
costs are still higher you look at the
special raw material costs the steel oh
it's more expensive now this is the new
cost all of that goes in but here's the
thing you see people have been
accustomed to paying more recently if
you go to the restaurant that you know
pasta dish that used to be $14 is now
$18 the one that used to be $18 is now
$24 like it's just it's going up or you
used to get the free bread on the table
with the olive oil oil oh no we don't
have that oh you want that sure that's
six bucks and so on you know what I mean
like that's the shrink
flation so these things are coming into
play from Every Which Way and you you
can't get around that on on a daily
basis because it's coming from every
single angle it's not like you can cut
from here and then you add it no you're
just slowly but surely being taken
they're taking from you they're
eroding what you have and this this has
been a problem for not just people in
one place or another but of course it it
seems to be widespread so the input
costs are higher but yes yes let's say
overall that product's going to cost you
it was let's say $10 now it's $11 well
that company can charge you 12 can
charge 13 14 and so yeah their input
costs are higher but their margins can
grow because they know hey everybody
else is doing it let me see what I can
get away with and they're doing so and
that's the one thing that people aren't
getting through yeah they're there's
they're not lying that their input costs
are higher but in many cases some cases
depends that they are taking advantage
of it h corporate profits at an all-time
high certainly with these big companies
not the small companies not the
restaurant down the street let's be
clear okay they're probably getting
screwed if anything and this just shows
us
the Northeast Urban household energy so
basically the cost of energy has risen
yes we are off the top off the peak but
it's still out of control people can't
afford
that the price of food one of the items
people encounter most frequently grocery
inflation has plummeted year-over-year
at a a peak of
13.5% yet a typical basket of grocery
still cost 20% more than it did in
February of 2021
just before inflation began to
accelerate um I think personally by the
way that the price has gone much more
than that that's that's just me um but
you tell me is it is that accurate or
actually is
itating how bad things are you could let
me know uh but that's what they're
saying regardless the price is up and
what about housing well in the example
of Canada uh and by the way people in
the US say oh my goodness the bubble is
here
you have no idea look at that red line
at the top there that is Canada and my
goodness Canada's real estate prices
went Bonkers compared to their G7 peers
Canada is
positioned I don't want to say the worst
because certainly Europe is finished but
I'm telling you right now they are in a
bad spot bad bad spot as of right now uh
for many reasons
um this is quite interesting
okay look at this Canada they've
effectively stagnated from 2016 to 2022
when you look at per capita income
because of inflation because of the
price of the homes because of energy
food and so on your living standards
haven't improved and in fact have gone
down
so you see you see how that can be an
issue right how are you supposed to have
a growing economy how are you supposed
to have
prosperity and then when you look at it
like overall zoom out what do you think
that does to the morale of the people
well of course they start to get upset
there starts to be civil unrest there
starts to be a big concern of the things
to come you can't get stuff done because
there's so much
uncertainty that's what's going on right
now and it is a very very dangerous time
and the
solution what is it the solution is to
kick the Ken down the road and of course
when they do this they accelerate the
inevitable pain inflation is the
solution because they can simply get on
with the next
election but of course the pain in the
the end will be much worse majority of
Canadians are now spending more than
they are taking in of
course this is the biggest concern and
it is one thing that I'll be talking
about I always do with my live class you
know if you want Solutions just go to
the howto and solutions playlist that I
have here on the channel that is
available to you but all of like the the
extreme detail is for the live class um
look at it I mean just Rising utility
bills are making it harder for
low-income households to keep the lights
on and the problems getting worse after
the arctic cold front swept the US in
January it's the same in in the US the
same everywhere in fact prices are up so
you got to start cutting from one place
um or another and that's going to impact
real the real
economy inflation pinching workers even
more this year just showing you the
percentage of people saying yeah it's
it's it's hidden
hard so where are we going well this is
what I have to tell
you I've been studying this for a very
long time I've been looking into this in
depth and I've already many years ago
started to prepare as a result of this
but if you haven't or if you're not sure
if you have look it's not too late it's
never too late the only time is too late
is you know when you don't get the
picture and you're not understanding it
and you're not making the steps it's not
a one single day event this is the thing
that happens over time so the earlier
the better but the best time if you
haven't started is today let's
talk no cash accepted signs are bad news
for millions of Americans it's talking
about the unbanked people and so on but
look where are they taking us they're
taking us to a cashless Society a
central bank digital
currency and what about
this Netherlands by the way they're
talking about the queen of the
Netherlands Maxima promotes digital ID
at Davos and I believe it was actually
from Davos a few years
ago the point is they're all going for
that digital
ID they're going
for I mean the digital ID the
cbdcs and the cashless Society all all
you know Interlink
together but understand something if
you've got a bunch of people who can't
pay their energy bills can't pay their
food bills who are struggling with their
day-to-day lives they reach out their
hand and the government says we have
something for
you we have this solution for you no
matter where you are you could be in the
middle of
nowhere you could be in
Manhattan doesn't matter we have a
solution we can get it to you instantly
it's called Universal basic income
brought to you by the Central Bank
digital currency oh no but they're going
to stop that from happening right do you
think if a crisis comes up and you've
got many more millions of people
unemployed or just can't afford their
bills and they start to Riot in the
streets they say we demand something
don't you think that the government is
going to say absolutely here we go oh
the perfect opportunity for that
solution they've done this before in
other ways they've gone above and beyond
think about what they
did think about the things that they did
and you said they would never be able to
do that you you would have asked people
months before they did that like 2019 or
even January
2020 you ask people what they if the
things that they did if they would ever
be able to get away with that you would
have said no way you would have Bet Your
Life on that and yet they did
it they are going to extend their hand
and in it will be that supposed solution
of the Central Bank digital currency
Ubi and people need to do everything
they can to ensure that they do not have
to succumb to the strings attached if
you want to know the great details
everything that I cannot get to onto
YouTube and of course in the end it will
be the place
where basically the only place where
you'll be able to get to me it is on my
live sessions the live sessions are 2our
sessions every single week and I get
into the knittting gritty of it all all
right there's more to it than that but I
want you to check it out at the link in
the description the money gps.com
live the money gps.com
I hope to see you there of course I hope
to see you back here tomorrow take care